README.md, before:

# [jQuery Scrollbox](http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/)

jQuery Scrollbox is a lightweight plugin that enables you to scroll a list of html elements (text, image, etc...) like a carousel slider or traditional marquee.

## Features

* Simple and lightweight
* Vertical and horizontal scroll
* Auto play
* Multiple instances on one page
* Pause on hover over
* Useful options to customize your list scrolling
* Prev / Next navigation buttons
* Queue container for advanced usages

## Basic Usage

### 1. Include the latest jQuery library and jQuery Scrollbox Plugin on the page
```html
<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.scrollbox.js"></script>
```

### 2. Create a list of text you want to scroll
```html
<div id="demo" class="scroll-text">
  <ul>
    <li>item 1</li>
    <li>item 2</li>
    <li>item 3</li>
  </ul>
</div>
```

### 3. Style html elements as below

![scrollbox elements diagram](http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/img/wireframe.png)

### 4. Initialization
```js
$('#demo').scrollbox();
```

## Demos

__http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/__

## License

jQuery Scrollbox is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Scroll tabs
This plugin is modified to scroll tabs backward and forward without
infinite looping.

README.md, after:

# This is a fork of [jQuery Scrollbox](http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/)

This plugin is modified to serve my needs. I needed to have a limited scrollable tab view.

# [jQuery Scrollbox](http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/)

jQuery Scrollbox is a lightweight plugin that enables you to scroll a list of html elements (text, image, etc...) like a carousel slider or traditional marquee.

## Features

* Simple and lightweight
* Vertical and horizontal scroll
* Auto play
* Multiple instances on one page
* Pause on hover over
* Useful options to customize your list scrolling
* Prev / Next navigation buttons
* Queue container for advanced usages

## Basic Usage

### 1. Include the latest jQuery library and jQuery Scrollbox Plugin on the page
```html
<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.scrollbox.js"></script>
```

### 2. Create a list of text you want to scroll
```html
<div id="demo" class="scroll-text">
  <ul>
    <li>item 1</li>
    <li>item 2</li>
    <li>item 3</li>
  </ul>
</div>
```

### 3. Style html elements as below

![scrollbox elements diagram](http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/img/wireframe.png)

### 4. Initialization
```js
$('#demo').scrollbox();
```

## Demos

__http://wmh.github.io/jquery-scrollbox/__

## License

jQuery Scrollbox is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
